docs: homepage, concepts cleanup (#2643)
caos/zitadel: docs/docs/guides/authentication/authmethods/implicit.mdx

#### redirect_uri

After selecting the authentication method, you can register a redirect_uri and post_logout_redirect_uri.
The redirect_uri will be called after user authentication for code exchange.

You can even register multiple, but typically one will be enough. If you need to distinguish between different scenarios
or environments we recommend using the `state` parameter for the former and multiple projects for the latter.

## Auth Request

To initialize the user authentication, you will have to create an authorization request using HTTP GET in the user agent (browser)
on /authorize with at least the following parameters:

- `client_id`: this tells the authorization server which application it is, copy from Console
- `redirect_uri`: where the authorization code is sent to after the user authentication, must be one of the registered in the previous step
- `response_type`: if you want to have a code (authorization code flow) or directly a token (implicit flow), so when ever possible use `code`
- `scope`: what scope you want to grant to the access_token / id_token, minimum is `openid`, if you're unsure what you need you might start with `openid profile email`

> We recommend always using two additional parameters `state` and `nonce`. The former enables you to transfer a state through
> the authentication process. The latter is used to bind the client session with the id_token and to mitigate replay attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the Implicit Flow you will also have to provide a `nonce` parameter to bind the client session to the id_token and to mitigate replay attacks. Furthermore, we recommend using a `state` parameter, which enables you to transfer a state through the authentication process.
```

### Additional parameters and customization

There are additional parameters and values you can provide to satisfy your use case and to customize the user's authentication flow.
Please check the [authorization_endpoint reference](../../apis/openidoauth/endpoints#authorization_endpoint) in the OAuth / OIDC documentation.

## Callback

> TODO implicit token response

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regardless of a successful or error response from the authorization_endpoint, the authorization server will call your callback endpoint you provided by the `redirect_uri`.

:::note
If the redirect_uri is not provided, was not registered or anything other prevents the auth server form returning the response to the client, the error will be display directly to the user on the auth server.
:::

Upon successful authentication you'll be given the `access_token`, `id_token`, `expires_in` and if provided the unmodified `state` parameter, as you would be given from the token_endpoint when using Authorization Code Flow.

If a parameter was missing, malformed or any other error occurred, your answer will contain an `error` stating the error type,
possibly an `error_description` providing some information about the error and its reason and the `state` parameter.
Check the [error response section](../../apis/openidoauth/endpoints#error-response) in the authorization_endpoint reference.
```
